Whoops, see what I just did there?
I took a deep breath and was so
glad I finished my code,
I almost made a really bad mistake.
I didn't stop to comment up my code, and
that's especially important in JavaScript.
JavaScript is not a verbose language.
It's very terse.
You can do things in very slick and
various ways, and
as a result, good commenting is especially
important when writing JavaScript.
Because while it's not terrible to read,
it really is helpful if you explain
what your intent is, how you're doing
something, for yourself and for
future coders,
because JavaScript is so terse.
That is, it doesn't have a lot of
explanatory text within itself.
You have a lot of literal syntaxes and
those sorts of things, and
so, commenting is really helpful.
So, I've taken our mini library and
framework, and I've commented it up.
And it's available as source code
in the resources of this lecture.
So, you can go find the zip file for
good commenting and take a look.
And this is what we'll use going forward.
So remember in the real world, you might
have to come back to this a year later,
and you will have to
refigure out what you did.
I even did a check of the code while I
was at it, and I had missed something.
Did you notice?
I didn't call the validate when
you initially create the object.
I did when you set the language
later in the chainable function,
but not when you actually create it.
So I missed something important.
So go back through your code in
JavaScript, do a good check of yourself.
And a good way to do that is to
comment what you're doing so
that you can double check the logic and
the flow of what you've done, and
maybe find something you missed,
as well as help the sanity
of future developers that look at
your code, and yourself as well.